I love website star clean and smooth and
highly interactive like the ones you see
on awards.com and to design and develop
sites like these you need to steal from
them figuratively speaking but where
else can you find inspiration for these
kind of websites other than awards.com
so today I've compiled all my most used
resources so you can also use for your
next web project and also explain how I
use these resources in my personal
projects as well and spoiler alert I
will not mention be hands or dribble
because in my opinion they suck and I'll
explain why at the end of this video but
anyways let's dive in starting off with
a very Niche one minimum Gallery if you
really love clean and minimalist designs
like me or you want to keep your
projects simple and minimal then this is
the source of inspiration for only
minimal websites they have an endless
gallery of websites you can browse from
across different Industries but the only
shortcoming is you can't really filter
them by Industries or UI elements but
still overall a very solid resource
if you're a fan of dark mode websites
then you will love darkmoedesign.com and
as the name suggests only dark mode
websites for this one you'll find
websites for all kinds of businesses
that have their websites in dark mode
from Fashion to Tech startups Etc you
name it if you're into designing and
developing dark mode websites I highly
recommend this resource of course we
cannot go buy this video without
mentioning awards.com
everybody's favorite and you honestly
you cannot go wrong with this one if you
want top tier inspiration what I really
enjoy about Awards is the diversity and
really well-designed and developed
websites you will find all kinds of
website design Styles here you can also
filter by types of businesses or UI
elements as well if you're designing for
a certain type of businesses or looking
for inspiration for UI elements such as
accordions menu navigation scroll
interactions you can find everything
here which is really fantastic
this point is a bit off topic but one
Hidden Gem that Awards also has is their
blogs you can read case studies of
certain websites and really learn about
the processes and the tech stack that
they use to design and develop the
websites which can be really helpful
however if you want inspiration sources
that are more well established and has
good user experience you'll love
referral.esign or referral referral
referral referral.design referral
currents strong new one ux elements and
websites from renowned Brands if you're
designing or developing projects that
are more business oriented referral can
be a great source of inspiration for
nice looking UI and ux that big
companies and startups use they have a
vast list of elements and honestly it's
a fantastic source for design research
and designing for user experience
and finally a super Hidden Gem that I've
discovered recently from juxtapose is
stack sorted someone similar to referral
but this one focuses more on highly
interactive UI elements and honestly
it's a very good source to not only get
inspiration for design but also a
fantastic source to practice your
development skills by recreating these
UI elements listed on this side this
side also gets updated every week so
there will be New U elements for every
of these categories
have I told you that you can find great
web design inspiration other than these
digital resources let's talk about
physical resources I personally love
using magazines as sources of color or
layout inspiration for my web web
projects and no you don't have to buy
magazines you can find a lot of
magazines you can look at at bookstores
clothing stores or even shopping malls
since I'm a big minimalist guy I love
looking through at uniqlo's magazine
they have great type layouts and colors
that I can reference from my Web
projects
yep that's all for the resources and to
be honest with you Gathering all these
resources are just the beginning steps
of your project the most important part
is how you use these inspirational
websites and transform it into your own
unique website before designing a
project I like to spend my time creating
a mood board from The Inspirations that
I've collected to graphs the general
style of the website I also play around
with some of the website inspiration to
evaluate whether it's easy to navigate
or find information on the websites that
way you can see how you could improve
the ux for your project as well there's
so much more to use in inspiration for
your web design project from analyzing
colors layouts and even user flow so I
have a video coming up soon breaking
down the process on how I use several
Inspirations to design a website so make
sure to subscribe to see that video in
the future
to be real with you you don't need whole
cargo of resources for web inspiration
I've learned from Austin tillion that
creativity is subtraction so in my
opinion just have one to two go-to
resources that you can rely on and
bounce between them every now and then
to look for your inspiration I
personally don't use behance or dribble
anymore it's just too much and it's
really hard to find what you're looking
for specifically I personally think that
using the resources such as referral or
Awards is a much better since those
websites are actually used in the real
world
if you have enjoyed this video make sure
you do your thing down there and let me
know in the comments if I've missed
anything and I'd also love to hear what
are your go-to inspiration resources as
well but by the meantime if you want to
check out my other videos make sure to
click these box here
but yeah that's it
see ya